That contains everything in and it's got
a.
OK.
I've also done done a just a bit of a
well,
a write up of comparison between both
Claude, both GCP data stream and stream.
Stream, basically.
OK, mm-hmm. Awesome.
Awesome. So I guess.
So there's a, there is a development,
it's got the cost in there,
it's got the latencies. Just for context,
we've seen a latency of about.
15 seconds, 10 seconds.
On average it was 6 seconds. Yeah,
Oh, wow.
so streams a little bit quicker.
It handles it a bit better, I think, yeah.
Is that OK? Uh huh.
That's that's great stuff.
Or somewhat more expensive.
So that's that's the point I think.
OK.
And that is like consistent or every day
the same or was it slower on some days or
slower on high load?
Sorry, Matthias,
just say that question again for me.
I just said is it like very consistent?
Is it the same average every day and is
OK.
it the same on peak times in the morning
on load or does it vary based on load?
It doesn't vary on load,
so it seems to be around timings and
stream. It's not, it's not constant.
That's the other side to it.
Mhm.
It lands in and it gets it.
So there was no consistency.
Mhm.
The difference is I could only get stream
data for the last two days.
But data stream I've got for the last
like for the entirety that we've run it
Yeah.
OK, cool.
So how quick regarding business
basically.
Yeah.
expectation, is that acceptable?
Like if we take the six seconds for now,
do you know what that delay means?
It's literally detecting the change or
new send, for example, sorry,
a shipment that's coming from OMS and
would show up in new dispo.
Probably like after 10 seconds.
Once we've done our work with all the
legs.
Has there been some statement from your
side about this? Uh huh.
The OK so far, yeah.
OK.
So did or did you write that somewhere in
a PBI or the expectation of business or
should we collect this information still?
Or how long it should take that we have
shipment updates and so on.
Yeah.
Correct.
Uh, it's not written down yet, no.
OK, then we should do that. I mean,
I was really just interested in a yeah,
first reaction. Like if you say,
Oh my God, that's so fast or Oh my God,
that's way too slow.
So just trying to find the the spectrum.
No, I guess 1010 seconds that that's OK.
The the thing is problematic.
Literally.
It would be if if we run in delays or in
queues or something like that and it
takes.
Minutes to to see updates on on the
system and so on.
Mhm.
Yeah, OK,
then let's tackle that separately to get
down the requirement first of all,
and then align the technical solution in
the best possible way.
OK, Joseph.
And so just to confirm,
like these 10 seconds,
were they for the stream or for the data
stream?
Both. So they have. Yeah. Go. No, go,
Matthias. You go ahead.
It's understood, Matt. Sorry.
As I understood,
stream was slightly faster in general.
The six seconds were for data stream on
average and I just made-up the 10 seconds
to like add a little bit of new dispo
side processing time.
Of four seconds.
And for stream is a bit quicker.
Stream is quicker, yeah.
So by the way,
if we actually made the decision.
We which one will you go like?
No,
that's the that's the ultimate end boss
of this POC phase, the decision.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Including everything, cost, speed,
performance, etcetera, reliability.
So the thing I'm going to wrap up the
next few days.
Sounds like we have most of the
information available now.
So the both were running into workload 5,
right?
I I must add something I I don't know for
sure if if Martin also incorporated that
in in the overview there,
but there is a slight difference in how
the stuff is also running because stream
is running on a VM and that's also
incorporates that you keep to need to
keep the VM in intact and maintenance.
And that's also extra cost on it.
Mhm.
OM.
Exactly like they they're they're not
both running in workload 5, right?
It's only the data stream that that it's
working there.
Yes,
but the object store is in workflow 5,
right?
The workflow three thing was just
Mm.
intermediate.
But basically it doesn't matter what what
workload something is running.
It's on the staging area of where it's
connecting to each other without any
delays.
Yeah.
Good.
Just just on,
let's just say that the monthly running
of stream,
not including the licensing for stream is
it's costing us about 2000 EUR a month to
run that.
In comparison for the work we've done
with Data Stream so far,
inclusive of the cloud storage bucket,
it's cost us one year or 36.
Uh.
Are you referring to total data to total
stream costs for all the stuff with
You know.
It's me.
prexel or just the syndromes table?
It's inclusive of pretzel that I couldn't
split it out.
So but the the I'd say the cost,
the cost of the running.
Uh.
Would relatively be the same if we're
going to propose it across all of the
branches, if that makes sense.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean,
that notion was clear from the beginning,
right? The cost favorite data stream.
Correct. Yeah.
So hopefully it becomes a quite easy
decision of cheap but a bit slower versus
fast and expensive.
I hope the reliability is not a miss on
any of the sides and it boils down to
Right. Yeah. Yeah.
these two aspects that would be the best
foundation for our decision.
Right, yeah, yeah.
Then and the stream like the stream like
you mentioned working in some VM but like
Yeah.
is it on premise or or it's somewhere in
the cloud like the last time I think I
Cloud.
It's in. It's in.
read about.
It's in GCP. Yeah, it's in workload 3.
Yeah. So it it just it's it's the same.
Yeah.
I just.
It's effectively the same,
it's just an app rather than data stream,
if that makes sense.
So it's it's it's both,
both are hosted and sourced and then
they're connecting into the Oracle
infrastructure. It's not,
it's not the other way around where it's
on Prem and then pushing up,
it's with GCP is going down.
to the Oracle infrastructure and pulling
up, if that makes sense.
Mhm, mhm.
Yeah.
And.
Good. So yeah,
I think I don't have further questions
today. I need to wrap up,
catch up on your mails and content.
If I would have questions,
I would reach out probably asynchronously.
Question for me is do we need this stream
or this series of events to be continued?
Probably not. Sounds good to me so far.
Yeah, that that was.
So the moment they all the OMS orders
duplicating. So I was,
I did want to get a confirmation before I
stopped it so I can stop that today if we
don't think we need it anymore for now,
Mhm.
for now anyway.
I think it's safe to do that.
We should have enough information.
Mhm.
I mean you you just said there's
everything in it in the zip file or or
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
download and if we need further tests,
probably with revised conflicts or
something,
which I don't expect at this point we
could.
Still activated again for a day or two,
right?
Yeah, exactly. It's quite easy to do.
I just need to coordinate it with some
guys in the team, yeah.
Yeah,
then let's stop it to avoid any issues
with this overflowing situation that we
face, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, perfect. I'll get that done. OK,
good.
Good.
Do I know, uh, Joseph,
any question from your side, Nikolay?
No, no, no this point.
No, no.
OK.
I did,
I did drop through an e-mail as well
Matthias just on I know we've had this is
a side topic.
I know we had the like the Postgres topic
of like it's we're going through the
proxy and it's slower but.
Mhm.
Looking at the monitor in GCP for the AVN
1034 Postgres database,
that's also saying that it's only seeing
data stream is only seeing like latency
of maybe 10 and 15 seconds on average,
and that's over the course of the month.
Hmm, OK.
So I just that was one thing I wanted to
flag.
OK.
I dropped you an e-mail about that as
well and Nikolay you should you should be
OK.
able to see the logs for that in the in
the monitor.
I sent you a link of what I could see and
what I was looking at.
And.
So Nikolay's got that information as well
on this access.
OK.
2.
So I just I just want to flag it because
it.
It's not.
I know we've said data stream is the the
there's a latency with ABN at the moment,
but ABN Postgres,
Mm.
the data stream isn't seeing that.
So I just want to that's what I just
wanted to work basically.
OK,
so we also don't have any drops or
outages.
It's running since we chatted like 3
weeks ago in in that chat.
This is this is ABM Postgres,
so this has been running for forever like
ages.
Yeah.
Yep.
OK.
Yeah, also, sorry, um.
Go on your support question.
So yeah, so the.
I just wanted to mention about the proxy
thing that the main concern there was not
the performance,
but rather the resilience of the
connection there. I mean,
I'm not sure how much the proxy affects
the performance.
I think that there might be other stuff
in our current data stream implementation
that might be affecting.
Performance or maybe we improved on that.
I mean the last time I discussed this
with Nikki for Postgres,
it was taking like 5/10/15 minutes to
come some changes. But again,
I don't think that that was about the
proxy that much the proxy.
Obviously the the concern there is really
the the resilience and like the
possibility of you know,
breaking the connection and potentially
losing the the stream and having to do
some manual stuff, resetting the stream,
losing some changes and so on.
Which in theory could happen when there's
no direct connection. But yeah,
we discussed this already.
Yeah, I mean,
I'm I just wanted to drive this test
without a proxy A to make the
infrastructure as simple as possible.
And we to know how it's done and that it
is working just to have an option up the
sleeve later in case we would have to
switch and then we would already have
built up experience with it.
I also see and understand that it takes
effort on your side.
Capacity we probably don't have.
So if we see face good timings right now
and it works reliably,
I'm fine with moving on.
We probably just should document it
somewhere.
Why we are,
why we stuck with it and did not try
these other things so that later when we
are six months in the future,
know what we did and why we did it.
That's also way forward.
Yeah, I agree.
We can do that,
but I want to emphasize that this was the
normal way of connecting to a database
from Google for years now and basically
that there's nothing ever have been an
issue.
Yeah.
So I don't expect that we now have an
issue because they introduce a new way of
Yeah.
possibilities for that.
I I'm not with you.
And we are still having it.
We having it on our list, on our,
on our wish list as well.
But that's that needs to be, yeah,
Yeah.
done when when we really are up to it.
No.
All good. All good. I just.
And I don't think there is that much
change in it because there's just only
changing the IP address what you are
addressing there.
Your connection is changing a bit,
but furthermore in the back end,
there's no changes in it.
Yeah, let's let's handle it like that.
I think we all want to move on with our
Hmm.
lives.
Let's document the current state of
things and base the decision on that and
come back to it later.
Yep.
Good.
Then I think that's it for today.
Thanks a lot for the great effort as well.
I'm really happy we have such a good
progress and all outcome.
Looking forward to going through your
content, Matt. Thanks for providing that.
And I'll be back with, yeah,
I think the wrap up, uh,
document or whatever it's gonna be.
Good. Thanks a lot. See you soon.
OK. Bye, bye.
I.
Thank you. Bye.